Consolidate c7 whats new (#20889)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7.md

---
title: What's New in C# 7.0 - C# Guide
description: Get an overview of the new features in version 7.0 of the C# language.
ms.date: 10/02/2020
ms.assetid: fd41596d-d0c2-4816-b94d-c4d00a5d0243
---

# What's new in C# 7.0 through C# 7.3

> C# 7.0 through C# 7.3 brought a numberof features and incremental improvements your development experience with C#. This article provides an overview of the new language features and compiler options. The descriptions describe the behavior for C# 7.3, which is the most recent version supported for .NET Framework-based applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C# 7.0 through C# 7.3 brought a number of features and incremental improvements to your development experience with C#. This article provides an overview of the new language features and compiler options. The descriptions describe the behavior for C# 7.3, which is the most recent version supported for .NET Framework-based applications.
```

- [Numeric literal syntax improvements](#numeric-literal-syntax-improvements)
  - New tokens improve readability for numeric constants.
- [`out` variables](#out-variables)
  - You can declare `out` values inline as arguments to the method where they're used.
- [Non-trailing named arguments](#non-trailing-named-arguments)
  - Named arguments can be followed by positional arguments.
- [`private protected` access modifier](#private-protected-access-modifier)
  - The `private protected` access modifier enables access for derived classes in the same assembly.
- [Improved overload resolution](#improved-overload-resolution)
  - New rules to resolve overload resolution ambiguity.
- [Techniques for writing safe efficient code](#safe-efficient-code-enhancements)
  - A combination of syntax improvements that enable working with value types using reference semantics.

Finally, the compiler has new options:

- `-refout` and `-refonly` that control [reference assembly generation](#reference-assembly-generation).
- `-publicsign` to enable Open Source Software (OSS) signing of assemblies.
- `-pathmap` to provide a mapping for source directories.

> The remainder of this article provides an overview of each feature. For each feature, you'll learn the reasoning behind it. You'll learn the syntax. You can explore these features in your environment using the `dotnet try` global tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remainder of this article provides an overview of each feature. For each feature, you'll learn the reasoning behind it and the syntax. You can explore these features in your environment using the `dotnet try` global tool:
```
